fix situations where a query skips/non-includes all fields (#13086)
apollographql/apollo-client: .changeset/dirty-badgers-push.md

---
"@apollo/client": patch
---

Change the returned value from `null` to `{}` when all fields in a query were skipped.

> This also fixes a bug where `useSuspenseQuery` would not stop suspending when all fields were skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also fixes a bug where `useSuspenseQuery` would suspend indefinitely when all fields were skipped.
```
